You mean this whole time,
Ost wasn’t just a familiar,
she was the Spirit Tortoise?
[Kyo] It makes sense if you
think about it for a second.
Hell, if she were a familiar,
she’d be under my control
like the bats and yetis are,
but as you can see,
she’s unaffected.
- [Raphtalia gasps]
- I gotta say,
I didn’t think
the Guardian Beasts
in this world
could have that kind of power.
But whatever.
[Spirit Tortoise shrieking]
Time to put an end
to all of this.
[all gasp]
Looks like the Spirit Tortoise’s
head and heart
must have regenerated!
[gasps]
[shrieking]
[soldiers yelling]
[chorus vocalizing]
[both gasp]
It looks like
we’re out of time.
It was an honor to serve you,
Your Majesty.
[chuckles]
[energy crackling]
Is that a barrier?
In order to break it,
you’ll need to take out
its head and heart again,
but they must be destroyed
simultaneously.
[gasps] I’m guessing
the Spirit Tortoise
can regenerate faster thanks to
all of the souls that it took.
Nice try, but not quite.
[snaps fingers]
[gasps] Sir Itsuki?
While these three chumps
were complete pushovers,
their Cardinal Weapons were
a different story entirely,
so I went ahead
and repurposed them
as a backup power source
for the Spirit Tortoise.
- [all screaming]
- I’m going to siphon
every ounce of power
’til they’re dead!
[gasps] How terrible.
Now, if you’d
be so kind to excuse me,
I’ll be getting back to my hunt.
But as a reward
for making it here,
I’ll grant you front-row seats
as I crush
your moronic friends to bits!
[Naofumi gasps]
[Filo gasps]
[shrieks]
[Eclair gasps]
Wait. Look at that.
[yells]
[thorns whoosh]
[both gasp]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Naofumi] Is that...
Wait, what is
Fitoria doing here?
[Filo] Um, uh, she says...
"I’m sorry I’m late,
but now that
all this has happened..."
I have chosen
to assist the Shield Hero.
- [energy crackles]
- [gasps]
[Fitoria]
When the time is right,
I will sever the head
of the Spirit Tortoise for you.
"But you need to destroy
the Tortoise’s heart
at the same time."
I understand now.
The Spirit Tortoise
must have realized
that I can no longer
fulfill my duty.
I see.
Give me a break.
The Filolial Queen’s
after me now?
Well, I guess
I just have to keep you
from getting to the heart, then.
[gasps]
Hey!
Where’s the real heart at, jerk?
Wait, what? Kiddo?
[gasps] L’Arc!
[grumbles] How many damn walls
did you have to smash
to get here?
You meatheads
all operate the same way.
[Glass] No matter the cost,
I swear by my vassal weapon
that I will stop you.
[blows] You’ll what?
Aren’t you guys trying to
destroy this world too, though?
- [gasps]
- Sort of.
Well, yeah.
Great! Then it only makes sense
that we should want
to get as many souls
as we can first, right?
So what’s the problem?
You’re the problem!
Our vassal weapons cry out at
the idea of something so vile!
Isn’t yours against this too?
The thing is, unlike you idiots,
I’m not a helpless slave
to my vassal weapon.
In fact, because I can
use it whenever I want,
it’s the other way around!
Composition Form One:
Bird of Flame!
- [grunts]
- [Naofumi] Watch out!
- [gasps]
- [both yell]
[Kyo] Does this look familiar?
It should, because this
is the very same barrier
as the Spirit Tortoise’s core,
and it uses the power
of the three Heroic Stooges.
[screaming]
[gasps]
[groans]
You see,
I need to harness their power
in order to make my own
personal giant-monster movie.
[gasps] Sir Itsuki!
- [gasps]
- Damn.
[Fitoria] It keeps using
the same attack.
[grunts]
[soldiers murmuring]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[Fitoria] Not too shabby.
Tell the others
to start retreating.
But, Your Majesty...
As long as we’re here,
Fitoria cannot fight
with her full strength.
[Fitoria] That’s right.
Get as far away as you can.
Meteor Shield!
First Stance: Wind Blowout!
[Filo] She said to remove
the barrier from the core,
we have to hurry up
and destroy its head and heart.
I know that!
[Glass] Is that
all that’s left to do?
Let’s just make sure that,
this time around,
we destroy the real heart.
[grunts] I’ll open the path
to the core for you.
Too bad I’m not
about to let that happen!
[groaning]
Yup, gravity attacks
are the Spirit Tortoise’s
favorite, you know.
And since
I don’t want you to think
I’m totally helpless without
the Three Stooges’ power,
let me go ahead and
show you something neat here.
It’s pretty cool, huh?
Feast your eyes
on the fruits of my labor.
Inside of this orb is the power
of all the souls
the Spirit Tortoise gathered.
[gasps]
Ooh, scary!
There’s no need to get upset.
You see?
[all groan]
Once I’ve finished off
these idiots
and taken all the souls
I possibly can from this world,
I’ll be on my merry way!
Stop it.
Stop! I’m begging you!
[laughs]
No shot!
Not after I’ve come this far!
[all groaning]
What’s wrong, Shield Hero?
Where’d all
that strength you had go?
All your pretty little friends
are about to get squashed flat,
and there’s not a damn thing
you can do about it!
- [laughs]
- [groaning]
[Kyo stomps]
Get off of Master Naofumi.
Wait, leaving the three Heroes
would be a waste, wouldn’t it?
So I’ll leave you here to enjoy
your new life as a pancake
and take them back to my world.
Screw you. [groans]
Stop it now!
Get your foot off of him!
Get off Master Naofumi!
[laughs]
She’s crying!
The demi-human’s crying
over a human! How cute!
Had you idiots just killed
the Spirit Tortoise’s avatar
at the very beginning, none of
this would have ever happened!
This Shield Hero sure is
a useless loser, isn’t he?
No! Stop it!
Quit all that whining,
you little runt!
If this idiot is
really that important to you,
then shut your mouth
so I can focus
on giving him a quick death!
[Rishia] Stop it!
Huh?
[grunts]
[Rishia] You’re nothing
but a coward!
[Rishia panting]
Rishia, be careful!
He’s too dangerous, Rishia!
Who the hell
are you supposed to be?
Funny, because I’m
fairly certain a moment ago,
you were whimpering
in the background
like a coward yourself.
- [winces]
- [Rishia] You’re right.
I am a coward.
I can hardly do anything.
Which means I understand.
Huh? What are you
babbling about over there?
Wait, how are you
walking right now?
You’re the same as me,
aren’t you?
Huh?
You’re relying on the power
of others instead of yourself.
You’re not strong at all,
just like me! [gasps]
Who the hell
do you think you are?
You don’t know
what you’re talking about
or how powerful I really am!
[yelps]
[gasps]
[music playing]
[Rishia] I know one thing,
that you’re actually weak.
That’s why you make
such an effort
to prove that you’re strong,
just like a scared little animal
puffing out its fur.
[yells]
- No! Rishia!
- [gasps]
[laughs]
What’s wrong?
Done talking already?
[gasps]
Damn you!
[Kyo gasps]
Hiding in the smoke, huh?
- [Rishia] I’m also weak.
- [Kyo] Eh?
[Rishia] But no matter
how you look at it,
my strength is nothing
compared to Naofumi,
Raphtalia, Filo, or Ost.
And although I may be weaker,
I’ll still never lose
to the likes of you.
Shut up.
I don’t get it.
How is she able...
- [Ost] Shield Hero.
- [gasps]
[Ost grunts]
I give my orders to the heavens
and to the earth.
Sever reality.
Then spit out the pus within.
Shield Hero, I hereby grant you
the power
of the Spirit Tortoise.
[gasps]
Very well.
Then, as Shield Hero,
I accept the power
of the Spirit Tortoise
and order the heavens.
Sever our reality.
Spit out the pus within.
Power of the ley lines,
manifest my magic
and the power of the Hero.
As the source of thy power,
I order thee.
Unravel the mysteries
of all things...
[Kyo] What’s this?!
...and give them everything!
All Liberation Aura!
[both gasp]
[gasps]
Isn’t that this world’s
most powerful magic?!
[both yell]
[gasps]
[groans]
- [Ost] Now!
- [L’Arc] Thanks!
Filo, you go with them!
Roger!
[gasps] Why, you little--
I won’t let you!
- [Rishia] Your opponent...
- Oh?
[gasps]
...is over here.
Damn you!
[L’Arc] Huh?
What are you doing here
with us, Little Miss Filo?
I can help by communicating
with Fitoria for you!
Fitoria? the Filolial Queen?
[Glass] That makes sense.
Master Naofumi,
are you all right?
Yeah. I’m sure I’ll manage.
She, on the other hand...
- [yelling]
- We could barely move
with Ost’s help under the power
of that gravity magic, so how?
She was the only one
who could handle
that super-gravity attack.
Maybe the old lady was right
and Rishia is able to
manipulate the ki in her body.
- [clang]
- [yelps]
[grunts]
You...
I told you.
Because you rely so much
on the power of others,
it makes your attacks
simplistic,
so even someone like me
can dodge them.
Oh, my attacks
are too simplistic?
I appreciate the crappy advice.
Thanks! But these simplistic
attacks are gonna kill you!
Composition of Flame!
[heroic music rises]
[yells]
[composition roars]
[Rishia] Hah!
What?!
And you’re a dirty trickster
with a twisted mind
that lies and deceives people
any chance it gets.
[chuckles]
I shouldn’t have even
bothered fighting you!
I should have just done this
from the very start!
It’d be foolish
to take hostages at this point.
Huh?
[gasps]
I don’t intend to forgive you.
However, if you
surrender yourself,
I’ll spare you.
[sputters]
Who the hell
do you think you are?
[gasps]
You’ve gotta be kidding me.
I’d sooner die where I stand
before surrendering myself over
to a cowardly scumbag like you!
Hah!
[Naofumi] One thing’s for sure.
Rishia learned a lot more
than how to use ki.
It’s like she’s
a different person.
- [Ost] It’s time, Shield Hero.
- [both gasp]
I humbly ask of you once again
to please put an end to this
by killing me.
But, Ost...
What Rishia said is correct.
That man, Kyo Ethnina,
is a coward and a liar
[gasps]
What do you mean by that?
[dramatic music playing]
[groans]
I get that this is
the Spirit Tortoise’s heart,
but isn’t this a little crazy?
[Therese] We don’t have time
to complain, L’Arc!
We need to destroy
this thing now!
Fitoria says to hurry up too!
All right, all right!
[Fitoria] He’s using
the souls he stole?
If I dodge it,
it will destroy the city.
[gasps]
Multi-caster ritual magic?
[Filo] Fan lady!
What’s this?
Master gave it to me,
but I’m giving it to you!
[chuckles] Nice work, kiddo.
[gasps]
Let’s do this, Therese.
Right!
I beseech thee,
jewels far and wide...
[Glass] Zero-Stance Rondo...
[music playing]
[gasps] All that for nothing.
- [Fitoria] No...
- [gasps]
...it was more than enough!
[music continues]
Now, everyone!
Bejeweled Blizzard!
Zero-Stance Rondo:
Reverse Four Seasons!
[chuckles] The barrier!
[moans]
Damn it!
[sobbing]
Nah, just kidding.
[gasps]
[Kyo] Did you really think
I didn’t a plan in place
just in case
that were to happen?
Oh, no.
It’s more
of an emergency measure
that uses soul’s power
to defend the core,
but oh, well.
As long as I can see your faces
twisting with despair--uh...
[energy humming]
Naofumi.
[Ost] That man, Kyo Ethnina,
is a coward and a liar...
which makes me think he still
has another plan up his sleeve.
And, remember,
I am one with
the Spirit Tortoise’s core.
So when the time comes,
use all your power
to destroy it and be rid of me.
Raphtalia, when I can’t move,
it’s up to you, okay?
[sighs] Okay.
Foolish sinner,
I hereby sentence you
to cast your screams
unto the heavens!
What are you doing?! Stop it!
And from within
the dragon’s jaws,
born from my very flesh...
No!
become an offering
to the gods...
as you howl.
It’s no use.
I don’t have any hatred left.
Damn it.
[both gasp]
Huh?
[laughing]
You mean to tell me,
after all that,
you’re just giving up?
That’s rich!
What about all the work
Mr. Scythe and the big bird
did for you?
That was all for nothing?
It’s so ridiculously hard
not to laugh at!
[laughing]
[growls]
[Ost] That’s fine.
It’s okay, Shield Hero.
No need to worry.
Now the time has come
for the power
I left within your shield...
to take its true form.
[gasps]
What is this?
Spirit Tortoise Heart Shield?
[gasping]
Ost, what did you just do?
[chuckles]
[gasps]
Please, no.
Stop.
Just listen to him!
Stop it!
[yelps]
[song ends]
[grunts]
[sizzling]
[panting]
- [Rishia] No! Ost!
- [gasps]
[Rishia crying]
[shudders]
[Filo] Ost, are you okay?
Awwww!
Way to go and ruin everything!
You just couldn’t resist
killing your friend.
Well, now what am I
supposed to do, huh?
You bastard.
Well, it wasn’t
a complete waste of time.
After all, I succeeded
in completing my real goal.
- [gasps]
- What are you talking about?
Did you think that once
you destroyed the core,
the souls inside would
spread out across the world
and head up to heaven?
Well, too bad!
Unfortunately for you,
I went ahead and kept
the bare minimum here
just so that wouldn’t happen.
[gasps]
[growls]
If you’ll excuse me,
I’m on my way out of this
rotting Tortoise carcass.
[Glass] That’s...
[Kyo] I haven’t forgotten
about you, Shield Hero,
or you, green-haired girl.
I’ll be sure to kill you both
next time we meet.
But until then,
knock yourself out.
Farewell.
[L’Arc] Wait!
[all gasp]
[grumbles] Damn it!
[Naofumi] Why did you
activate the Shield, Ost?
[Ost sighs]
Because you weren’t
swallowed up by rage and sorrow.
The Spirit Tortoise’s
Heart Shield was activated.
But I don’t understand.
What’s that have to do with it?
You don’t need to use
that shield stained with hatred.
Rejoice in your freedom
from its chains.
[gasps]
You mean the Wrath Shield.
Even though
I’ve taken countless lives,
you still managed
to find some tears
to shed at my passing.
Oh, kind, gentle Shield Hero...
please don’t forget what you
feel in this moment with me.
No!
You’re wrong.
I’m not like that at all.
- [L’Arc] Kiddo!
- [gasps]
It appears that this portal is
somehow connected to our world.
However,
it’ll close any second.
You can trust
we’ll find a way to fix this.
[Glass] Not only
will we defeat Kyo,
but we’ll return with the souls
he took from your world.
Yeah. Leave the rest to us.
See you later!
[gasps]
- [energy crackles]
- [yelps]
Huh?
But that’s impossible.
[Ost] Go after them!
Huh? [gasps]
If you don’t go now,
you’ll get left behind
when it closes.
- [Raphtalia] Ost...
- [Filo] Are you sure?
[gasps]
Raphtalia! Filo! Get ready.
We’re leaving!
- Uh...
- [gasps]
It’s our comrade’s wish,
and we can’t let L’Arc
and his friends handle this!
Mm-hmm.
[Naofumi] Rishia,
you stay here with Itsuki.
I won’t!
- [both gasp]
- I’m your comrade
and her comrade too,
so no matter what,
I’m coming to fight
by your side!
[grunts]
[singer vocalizing]
[Ost sighs] "Comrade."
Comrade, huh?
If I’m ever reborn,
next time, I want
to truly be their comrade.
Wherever the Shield Hero’s path
may lead him,
I pray that there’s joy
at the end of it.
Thank you for everything.
Huh?